Marta riesgo is living one of the
happiest moments of her life both
personally and professionally although it has not
always been like this the
party reporter was sincere not long ago through
her social networks I have lost friends
work and colleagues for maintaining my
relationship During this year the most
important thing is that I have followed my
heart Despite who it may upset those of you who
are going through a bad time it
can be achieved and do not let them direct your
heart Although at the moment she
seems very happy both with her partner
Antonio David Flores and with her work
as a reporter for the Telecinco program
where she makes it clear that her great passion
is her work and gives us authentic
moments the journalist has not
convinced the entire audience And in
particular there is a sector of people it has
been Twitter who use this
social network hidden behind a profile where
no one could recognize them and they write
authentic barbarities that in turn are
spread without any shame in
this case a petition is being spread
where they ask for
Marta to be fired from her television work budget
a petition that comes
directly from Los  Followers of Rocío
Carrasco Since in the same publication
they spread even to the point where
Antonio David is accused of being an abuser, this fact
makes clear the misuse that would be
making of social networks
by some users and the poor management
by the company
[Music]